Research Entry #1

I have a question for @everyone in the class today. I highly suggest reading. I've reduced this topic heavily so I promise you despite it's length it's comparatively short. 
Often times I believe we unconsciously limit ourselves in respect to the potential we truly have. Sometimes this occurs through what I refer to as the localization of the self. This refers to the process in which we attribute ourselves and our capability to that of our immediate surroundings. *Example: If majority of your friends are heavily invested in stocks, and finances, it's likely you would be within this domain*

I think that sometimes this process can be harmful and beneficial to the growth of an individual. In some cases, it's possible to abstract oneself from this local schema while still existing within it. 

A harmful downside that I theorize is common, is the deconstruction of potential through overexposure to particular settings or pathways. The 'local' is a term that expands as far back as your primary years to now, and the perception of yourself and peers as you progress in various social settings. *Think of AP kids vs non and what the impact of high school has on development of work ethic*

**The question backstory**
There are five major things I would love to establish  within my career at early stages. 
(Pre 35) 
I would like to have the insights relative to Senior Software Engineers at top research companies. Branch into quantitative analysis. Complete the educational requirements to jumpstart my pathway into Biomedical Engineering. Become a physicist. Gain the eligibility to claim the title "Full Stack Data Science Engineer" (Current)

These are some rather heavy goals, and often individual pathways the require dedicated amounts of time to achieve. To become a luminary in most of those goals requires incredible dedication by itself. Currently I am reviewing Machine Learning Content, and a dominant thought that has always ran through my mind is that I may not have the time, dedication or discipline to study other pathways to achieve the goals I established above. As I deep dived a bit more as to how these thoughts originated I noticed that there is a particular part of self deprecation involved on root level in terms of my own sense of self. Sometimes life requires realism to understand that not all endeavors will ultimately be attainable; however, the mindset held towards these goals has many influential agents that when brought forth, limit the perception of achievability. 
*There is more on the above, but it's quite a lot to type. This is a research topic I have been exploring for quite some time. (Not School related)*

My question to everyone. What are some influential agents that you believe have limited your own sense of self as it pertains to achieving aspirations you believe unattainable. What are some goals that you aspire to fulfill, and what are some that you have told yourself they are impossible? Why did you place these 'impossible' goals as unlikely or impossible. Do the spaces you frequent allow for healthy engagement within your mind, and endeavors? Do the people in your life ever push you to achieve your goals/ do they know your goals?

Also little side note. A primary agent we're exploring is self doubt. There are many more, but if you have difficulty framing. Focus on area's in which you have employed a form of self doubt on yourself. Really deep dive into your growth from the moment you have been able to conceptualize thoughts and when you were able to reflect on them.  
